Hey.
Pete the plumber.
My hero. Thank you for coming.
Thanks for calling.
On a Sunday. no less.
If leaky pipes don't take
weekends off. why should I?
This one didn't leak.
it nearly exploded.
I managed to shut off the valve.
but I would love to get it fixed
before my husband gets home.
And tries to fix it himself?
Emphasis on the "try."
Yeah. we get that a lot.
It's the bathroom
straight down on the left.
Excuse me.
did I not say no gaming
until your rooms are clean?
Okay. Mom.
It's all done. ma'am.
Sorry it took so long.
Finally got her all fixed.
Ma'am?
Sink's working as good as new.
You want to come check it out?
Ma'am?
What the hell?
I cannot stress enough.
Miss Hines. if this MTAC upgrade
doesn't go perfectly.
heads will roll.
and I don't mean mine.
And I get your meaning. sir.
I do.
Your Multiple Threat
Alert Center
is our most vital fusion hub.
Monitoring threats against
our Navy and our Marines...
I know what MTAC does.
and trust me.
we're working hard to make sure
everything goes without a hitch.
Well. I'm sure whoever last
updated MTAC back in the '90s
worked hard. too. but that
hasn't stopped hackers
from exploiting our weaknesses.
And. apparently.
that was due to a delay
in the firewall reloading.
and we are working hard
to prevent that. too.
Look. I hate to be
such a hard-ass. but
since this upgrade date
was potentially leaked.
we can't be too careful.
Which is precisely why
we're no longer doing that date
and doing the upgrade
tonight instead.
And nobody else
knows about this?
It's 1:00 a.m. on a Sunday.
Hardly anyone knows
we're here. much less
upgrading our entire system.
And where is everyone again?
Most of the agents are at
a seminar in Philly
this weekend.
so my team and I.
we have pretty much
the entire building
to ourselves.
Hey. Kase. Am I too late?
No. no.
- You are here just on time to...
- Help out.
I left the seminar early
- in case you needed moral support.
- Yeah.
- But I-I don't want to interrupt.
- No. you're not.
Special Agent Parker.
this is David Barbado.
- DoD.
- Deputy Chief of Cyber Security.
- Hi. Oh. sorry.
- Parker.
Glad you're here to help.
What? No.
Uh. no. Kasie doesn't
need my help.
that's for sure.
Between her and her cyber team.
MTAC couldn't be
in better hands.
That's exactly what
we're counting on. so
I will leave you to it. then.
Miss Hines.
And just remember...
your country's counting
on you. too.
So. best of luck.
Barbado out.
"Barbado out"?
Dude. I was this close
to convincing him
that no one else
knew about this.
No one else does. except me.
You doing all right?
Yeah. for someone
whose professional future
hangs in the balance.
I'm doing great.
I'm afraid your fancy pastries
aren't gonna help.
Eh. how about some
good old-fashioned donuts?
- Little. uh. emergency
sugar rush couldn't hurt. - Mm-mm.
Mm-mm. No. no. no. Please do not
say emergency. No. Not tonight.
Uh. you heard what Mr. DoD
Cyber Security said.
But you heard what I said.
Look. I know that. uh.
rebooting our whole entire
system here is a big job.
but you and your tech trolls
are up to it.
Yeah. my tech trolls.
Don't I wish.
What. they're not?
Well. for security purposes.
DoD assigned me cyber techs
from four separate agencies.
All very highly qualified.
but man.
after a week together. you know.
they really lack enthusiasm.
Maybe they could use
a sugar rush.
Well. they're in my lab.
By all means. please.
Oh. and by the way.
don't call them tech trolls.
They're also supersensitive.
Wow. I don't think
I've ever seen
a dozen disappear that fast.
Sorry. It's just. no one
ever brings us donuts.
Like Lewis Latimer. or
Granville Woods.
our contributions
- too often go unappreciated.
- Don't mind Felix or you'll
spend days looking up
obscure references.
So many idiots out there.
Where do these people come from?
Anyway. I just wanted to say hi.
make sure everybody's
on the same page.
I know Kasie's excited.
Oh. us. too. Agent Parker.
Definitely.
I'd say Kasie's
even more than excited.
She's downright...
What is the word?
- It kind of means. like... - Um...
- Effusive.
- That's it. yes. She's effusive.
- That's a great word for it.
Uh. bossy's a better one.
Really. Daryl?
Sorry. No filter. this guy.
Not to mention issues
with assertive women.
You know what I'm saying.
Kasie just needs to trust
that we know what we're doing
and just let us do it.
Idiot.
Not Kasie.
This idiot.
Uh. would it help to know
that Kasie is getting
tremendous pressure from above?
Not to mention the pressure
she already puts on herself.
Really? I'm sorry to hear that.
"No pressure. no diamonds."
Thomas Carlyle? Philosopher?
Here's the thing. uh. Kasie's
just like the rest of us.
She's just trying to do her best
the best way she knows how.
Donut break's over.
Time to hit your
battle stations. people.
Uh... On my way. Kase.
As you know. the upgrade
will shut down not only MTAC.
but all computers. land lines.
and security cameras
for two hours.
During which time.
we will monitor progress
from our workstations
and communicate via headset
as the system reboots.
Once again. thank you in advance
for your immeasurable
contribution
to NCIS. to the security
of the nation.
and to the world.
I didn't miss it.
Kase.
Kase. Did I miss it?
Timing's perfect. Jimmy.
Okay. I totally forgot
that Kasie moved
the system reboot to tonight.
Yeah. and I don't recall
telling you.
So. what? You ran here?
Why are you so sweaty?
Oh. gosh. There's no time for
that now. It is time to light
this candle in T-minus five.
four.
three. two...
and... one.
- No turning back now.
- Nah. nah.
You got this. Kase.
Just think of it as one big
smartphone reboot.
Except the. uh. security
of the entire Western world
does not rely on us
upgrading our phones.
Can you go breathe
somewhere else?
Yeah. yeah. All right.
Again. Jimmy. did you run here?
Oh. no. no. no.
I just come in sometimes
on Sunday nights.
catch up on paperwork.
you know. when I can't sleep.
Like-like tonight.
It's a good thing. too.
because. uh. otherwise.
I would've missed all of this.
So... the sweat?
What sweat? Oh. this sweat...
- the sweat that's on me right now?
- Uh-huh.
Uh. well. it's 'cause
the AC down in autopsy
is on the fritz again. you know.
so we got a hot autopsy
on our hands.
And that-that-that. that sounds
like that's made-up.
That's not made-up. though.
I am overdue for a check-in.
Okay. here we go.
And we have liftoff. people.
Let's get some status reports.
How is our PowerShell. Harold?
Sorry. one second.
PowerShell script
is good. Kasie.
Great.
Nadine. our ISO signature?
ISO signature is humming.
buffers are clean.
- caches are happy.
- Love it.
How about MD5. Felix?
MD5 is pristine. No bad blocks.
We are rebooting like a dream.
Nice. Okay. how about
our processor cores. Daryl?
Talk to me. Daryl.
Are the PCs breathing
or screaming?
Daryl?
Daryl. where are you?
Daryl. come in.
Talk to me. Daryl?
...seven. eight. nine.
Come on. Daryl.
Come on. breathe.
- Breathe.
- All right. Jimmy?
Jimmy.
It's okay. You tried.
Call it.
I just don't get it.
I mean. he was alive and well
on the MTAC screen.
w-what. ten minutes ago?
Could he have just tripped and
hit his head on the way down?
Uh. I mean. yeah. o-of course.
it's possible.
What about maybe a seizure?
An aneurysm?
I don't know. I-I got to get him
down to autopsy
- before I can answer that.
- Hold on. hold on.
Let's not move him yet.
Just in case. You know?
- Wait. s-so. you're thinking maybe...
- I don't know what I think.
But until we can process
the room for clues.
no one comes in or out.
You guys find Daryl?
Is he okay?
But how did he fall? And did
he just fall? What happened?
Jimmy is giving him a prelim
in autopsy to figure that out.
Okay. well. of all the things
I worried about going wrong.
Daryl dropping dead was
not one of them.
All right.
Considering the circumstances.
you think maybe
we call off the upgrade?
I would love to.
but it is too late.
Doing so would damage files.
destroy employee records.
- damage data history...
- Okay.
we keep it going.
and we'll process your office
- as soon as it's done.
- I-I'll have to reshuffle
the tech trolls to get it right.
God. what do I even tell them?
You don't. Not yet.
I mean. if they know
that Daryl is dead.
good luck getting them
to focus again.
Well. what am I supposed to say?
Anything. Besides the truth.
Food poisoning?
- Mm-hmm.
- It was those donuts.
wasn't it?
I feel queasy
and I only had one.
You had two.
- Sorry.
- Well. Daryl had four. So...
You know what?
It wasn't the donuts. guys.
Daryl thinks he had
some bad sushi at lunch.
- He is resting in autopsy now.
- Autopsy?
Where our Dr. Palmer
is taking great care of him.
Uh. he's gonna be just fine.
But in the meantime.
we just. we need to reshuffle
some responsibilities.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
Well. then. obviously.
you're gonna want me
to take over Daryl's place.
where I should have been
from the beginning.
Oh. actually. we're gonna put
Nadine on power cores.
Oh. We're playing favorites.
What? No.
I-I need you on MD5. Felix.
so I can take over
ISO signature for Nadine.
who's going to take over
from Daryl.
No favorites here.
Actually.
I would be better on MD5
if Felix wants
to take over PowerShell.
I wouldn't touch your PowerShell
- with the spear of Cú Chulainn.
- Okay.
I minored
in Irish mythology. Felix.
- I know what that means.
- Do you?
- Yes. and it's "Coo-coo-lan."
- No. no. no.
- Yes. it is. "Cú Chulainn."
- No. it's "Cu-cullen." "Cú Chulainn."
People. enough. please.
Can we just play nice
for the sake of the upgrade?
Nadine? Enjoy PCs.
- Thank you.
- All right.
I'm sorry. he's just... Sorry.
Boys.
Not the word that I had in mind.
Hey. is this your laptop
or Daryl's sitting here?
Yes. that's mine. Thanks.
Kasie. got a minute?
Yes.
What's the word?
Parker. you were supposed
to stay in MTAC.
MTAC is fine.
Someone else is not.
Now. mind you.
I can't run any X-rays
with our computers down.
but Daryl's neck
sure feels broken to me.
along with a skull fracture.
Oh. gosh. all this
just from a fall?
Well. not "just."
No. the bruising that emerged
across the jawline here suggests
he was struck pretty hard
- before his head hit the floor.
- Struck? By who?
Uh. one of his
fellow trolls. maybe?
Oh. come on.
They may be a bunch
of socially awkward malcontents.
but...
- You know. come to think of it...
- It was either them
or someone else in the building.
Uh. uh. security.
cleaning staff.
I'll have base police
lock down the Navy Yard.
Someone just moved my yoga mat
down in Ducky's MPR.
How could you
possibly know that?
'Cause it came with this app.
Tells me the location of my mat.
temperatures. moisture levels.
Moisture levels?
Do you want anyone else
sweating on your yoga mat?
- Ugh. who would?
- I do not want that. no.
No. more importantly.
who moved it?
Maybe it's the same person
that did that.
There's only one way
to find out.
You stick with Kasie.
I'll be back.
Jimmy. I said stick with Kasie.
And she's locked safely in MTAC.
You need someone
watching your back.
I mean. you guys
always travel in pairs. right?
- So. I thought...
- Okay.
Okay... okay. Fine.
You hear that?
It could be Henry.
The ghost? Please. not now.
- Wh... Oh. God!
- Tommy.
Agent Parker. Jimmy.
You scared me.
- Well. that makes three of us.
- What are you doing down here?
I'm making my rounds.
Heard a noise
coming from Ducky's.
I thought it might
just be Henry.
Again with Henry.
But it was just you guys.
My... my heart. oh. man.
- That wasn't Henry.
- All right. stay here. Tom.
- Do you want my. uh...
- No.
I knew I should have gone
to a hotel.
Sam?
I guess I should've called. huh?
Sam Hanna? What the heck?
- It's good to see you. too. Kasie.
- Oh. gosh.
Hey. what brings you here?
My worst-kept-secret
MTAC upgrade.
or do you just. like.
magically appear whenever
somebody mysteriously dies?
No magic. As I was
just telling the fellas.
I had a long layover on my way
to visit a buddy in Dubai.
and I figured I'd catch a few
winks on Ducky's MPR couch.
I just wish we'd known.
I-It just... because Victoria.
she's gonna be so disappointed
to know that you were in town.
- you didn't at least call.
- Jimmy.
it was a last-minute
flight delay.
I'll be sure to call
Crown Vic just the same.
Yeah. we're all happy to see
you. Sam. but does anybody mind
if we get back to finding
our tech troll killer?
Well. I don't mind
forgoing my couch time
- to help out if you need.
- Hey. more the merrier.
All right. Kasie
will stick with the reboot.
Sam and I will search
the building
for any additional workers
and then question them
along with the tech trolls.
Man with a plan.
Uh. w-wait. hold on.
Where am I in that plan?
I assumed you had autopsy stuff.
Not without computer access.
I can't really do much
down there. Uh...
But-but there are three
remaining tech trolls. so...
You know. you should've seen him
in Hawaii. in that dungeon
they had us in. Parker.
I mean... man's got skills.
I never said he didn't.
All right. Jimmy makes it
three on three.
so let's see
what everyone knows.
What about not scaring them?
Kind of told everybody
that Daryl had food poisoning.
Uh. okay. then. let's go with that.
Daryl is not dead.
he's just sick.
Okay. and to be clear.
we're not interrogating them.
we're just wh... uh. what.
- feeling them out. or...?
- A friendly chat.
And if it wasn't premeditated.
then our killer
might just give it up easy.
We'll divvy them up.
keep it friendly.
compare notes afterwards.
Hey. Sam. hey.
Thanks for having my back there.
You think. uh.
Victoria will forgive me
for not calling. Jimmy?
Okay. okay. you...
Just saying.
you could text a guy. Come on.
I know you didn't bake the
donuts. but you did bring them.
And they didn't give Daryl
food poisoning. Nadine.
I can promise you.
So. he's okay?
You seem to care
a lot about him.
I care if he's got something
I might catch.
I practically bleached
this keyboard
after he used it.
So. you didn't know Daryl well?
Before he got sick. I mean.
You-you don't know Daryl well?
No. I keep things professional
with my coworkers.
Which is not that hard
with Daryl.
He goes heavy on the body spray.
I have yet to give Daryl
enough thought
to form an opinion either way.
Neither affinity nor contempt.
So. safe to say you didn't have
any shared interests.
career goals?
With Daryl?
Please. He'd be incapable
of having
a like-minded discourse.
From wave-particle duality
to loop quantum gravity.
the-the man would be
completely out of his depth.
Sure. yeah.
I mean. who wouldn't be?
I mean. let's be honest.
that'd be like
me trying to explain to you
autolysis or adipocere
or any other facet
of forensic taphonomy.
Sure.
Kind of. Yeah.
I'm Special Agent Sam Hanna.
It's so nice
to meet you. Sam. and...
I cannot tell you
how sorry I am.
Well. lay it on me.
Sorry about what?
A-About Daryl getting sick.
I know he seems preoccupied
with his online debates. but...
this job means as much to him
as it does me.
How much does it mean to you?
Positions like this.
they don't grow on trees.
Competition is fierce.
Though I appreciate
Kasie's faith in me.
I would much rather be
monitoring the processor cores
from home with Bradley Cooper.
I...
Wait. so... I'm sorry. the actor?
Oh. my God. he's beautiful.
Do you want to see a picture?
Sure.
Oh. my beautiful baby.
am I right?
Yep. that's one handsome spider.
Um. but again. back to Daryl?
Daryl is no different
than Harold or Felix.
They seem like
competitive schoolboys.
but it's just a mask
for their insecurity.
So. Felix. was there any part
of you that wanted Daryl's job?
Of course I wanted Daryl's job.
I'm infinitely more qualified.
Did you want it bad enough
to fight him for it?
Fight him? What...
What are we. troglodytes?
So. you know Daryl well. then.
Well enough.
We met back in college. At Penn.
UPenn. Impressive.
Wha... what am I saying?
Cornell.
Sorry. sorry.
We-we went to Cornell together.
You forgot
where you went to college?
Wha...
No. i-it's just
my lifelong bitterness
at not being accepted by Penn
that will never not sting.
So. Cornell. then.
Yeah. yeah. Cornell.
I loved it. Yeah. it was great.
And it's gorges.
Because Cornell's in Ithaca.
where there's a lot of.
uh. gorges.
Gorges.
Yeah.
...and the crew were here
before you came in
for overnight.
- What'd you find out?
- I checked the gate log. Agent Parker.
No one's exited
the Navy Yard since 0102.
Right after the reboot started.
Last to leave was a member
of the custodial staff.
Vito Gironda.
Yeah. lucky Vito.
I drew the short straw
on the overnight shift.
Uh. at least
the overtime's nice.
Yeah. I hear that.
All right.
thanks for your time. Tommy.
Thanks. Petty Officer.
Uh. Tommy.
Um. this Vito?
Do you happen to have
his number handy?
Oh. yeah.
Must have it here somewhere.
If you don't mind me asking. uh.
is this about
those computer geeks?
What makes you think that?
Uh. not for nothing.
but I was mopping
near that subbasement
they work in.
uh. after Vito went home.
and I-I don't know. I...
heard a whole lot of bickering.
you know?
- Oh. here it is.
- Bickering?
Yeah. About what. I can't say.
but. uh. Kasie deserves
a better crew than that.
Uh. that's the wife.
I-I got to take this.
Uh. if I can be any help.
just holler.
All right.
- Hey.
- How you doing?
Hate to say it. but. uh.
neither Harold nor Felix
gave us much.
Other than a pair
of matching headaches.
Same with Nadine.
All I got was. uh.
a spider named Bradley Cooper.
and apparently Daryl wore
too much body spray.
Man. they can talk.
And argue. according to Tommy.
They definitely have issues.
But are they killers?
I don't know.
Even if they were capable
of killing.
why would they choose tonight
of all nights to do it?
- That's a good question.
- While you two
ponder that.
I have Kasie's laptop
to double-vet
their clearance docs.
Couldn't hurt.
I'll check on Kasie
and call this other custodian
who left early.
And I forget. Jimmy...
...do you have
a couch in your lab?
It's got an autopsy table.
That is close enough.
Oof. He does wear
too much body spray.
- How are the kids. Sam?
- Oh. they're great.
Aiden made captain. as you know.
and Kamran's still on
her mission to save democracy.
Man. they do grow up fast.
You seem to be growing. too.
- You been working out?
- Oh. yeah? Yeah. you can tell?
Hell yeah. Look at Jimmy.
getting buff for the ladies.
I don't know about that. I...
The hell is that?
That's a...
That's a weight vest. Yeah.
30 pounds.
I can see that. Why?
Well. on nights
that I can't sleep.
I come here and I run the steps.
You know. about an hour solid.
up and down every stairwell.
Again. why?
Sam. you ever feel like
you get knocked down
in life so much.
that you're not sure
you can get back up again?
No. Never.
Sam. come on. I'm trying
to open up to you here. What...
Okay. Okay. Jimmy. of course.
That's a part of life. Jimmy.
Of course I do.
What's got you down?
I've been thinking.
ever since I lost Breena.
and then. of course.
Jess and I broke up
and now my daughter
is 14 going on 40...
Man. I feel like it's me
that needs a reboot.
Or a goal. But. like...
Like. a big one.
Okay. What do you have in mind?
Kilimanjaro.
Kilimanjaro?
- Damn. Jimmy.
- Uh. yeah. I-I mean. around here.
Sam. I feel like I've become
a house cat. you know?
I don't want to be a house cat.
I want to be more a. a...
a bobcat.
You climb Kilimanjaro.
you'll be a damn mountain lion.
Good for you. Jimmy.
I love the idea.
I bet everyone else
does. too. huh?
E-Everyone else... yeah. yeah.
Absolutely.
Oh. hey. look at this.
Daryl went to Penn
about the same time Breena did.
I wonder if they knew
each other.
- Penn?
- Yeah.
Harold said they went
to Cornell together.
I knew that was weird.
He even corrected himself
after saying Penn first.
Well. let's look up Harold.
Cornell. Like he said.
Why would he lie about
going there with Daryl?
How about we go ask him?
I never understand lying.
What was it Mark Twain said?
"Just tell the truth
and you don't have
to remember anything."
Hmm.
Okay. fine. I lied.
What?
Uh. no one in the building
loves my Kilimanjaro plan.
because...
...I haven't told anyone yet.
- So. no one else knows?
- Mm-mm.
- And why not?
- Uh. well...
That can't be good.
Not good at all.
No.
Whole building's out.
Generator should keep
the essential lights on
for at least the next few hours.
Along with the reboot.
thank God.
Well. reboot's drinking up
a lot more battery
than what's left of our lights.
so I wouldn't go
celebrating just yet.
All I was trying to do
was plan a nice
little quiet
evening MTAC upgrade
where nothing could possibly
go wrong. and sure enough.
everything's gone wrong.
None of which is a coincidence.
First. one of your tech trolls
gets whacked.
and now a sudden power outage?
And all I was
worried about was hackers.
Well. keep worrying.
I got a feeling
who's ever behind this
is just getting started.
Where are you going?
- To find out who.
- Wait.
Do you smell smoke?
You have got to be kidding me.
Hello? Anyone?
No bars. Parker?
- Hello?
- Yeah. me. either. Kasie?
Sam. what are the odds that this
is just a random blackout?
I'd say slim and none.
Which means we got to get
the hell out of here.
All right. okay. there is
a fireman's key in one of those
- "in case of emergency" boxes.
- Yeah.
It's on the third floor.
Well. we just have to get to it.
- Yeah.
- Whoever designed that hatch
did not have me in mind.
Oh. I don't know. Sam.
I think you could probably
fit through there.
No. no. no. You're gonna do it.
Me? Wait... what do you mean. me?
Why haven't you told anyone
about Kilimanjaro?
I-I don't know. I guess
it just hasn't come up yet.
I don't buy that.
Maybe I'm not ready to share
my workout plans with everyone.
Would you stop? I know you.
All right?
You're probably more worried
about changing your mind.
chickening out.
Wha... hey. I am not
chickening out. all right?
I j... I just don't want to get
everyone's hopes up. you know?
If there's no expectations.
there's no letting anyone down.
Like yourself?
Okay. Sam. but...
There are no buts.
You start telling people. Jimmy.
Don't give yourself an out.
Throw your hat over that wall.
This is your Kilimanjaro moment.
See that? That's Kilimanjaro.
All right. O-Okay. all right.
Fine. fine. Sam.
- I-I. I'll-I'll. I'll tell everyone. all right?
- Yeah?
- Just give me a boost here.
- I'm trying. you're not listening.
- No. I mean. like. a physical
boost. You're a strong person. - Oh.
- I need to get... Yeah.
- Right. No. all right.
Okay. Come on. All right.
All right. You ready?
- All right.
- One...
...two. three.
All right.
come on. come on. Push.
- It's really heavy.
- You're heavy.
Wait a minute. are you still
wearing that damn vest?
I'm still wearing
that damn vest. Yes.
- Come on. come on. come on.
- All right.
Push. Come on. come on.
Push. push. push. There you go.
- There you go. Come on.
- All right.
Come on. come on.
come on. Attaboy.
All right.
Yeah.
Uh. that third floor's
a little higher than I thought.
but. uh. I'll give it a try.
There is no "try." Jimmy.
Just do it.
How's that for a boost?
Come on.
Attaboy. J... Come on. Jimmy.
You got this. Jim.
Ooh. found the smoky culprit.
- Well. what is it?
- Power supply
to the cooling system.
Circa 1997.
from the looks of it.
Blackout must have fried
the motor.
You got a replacement?
With the way this night
has gone. what do you think?
Hang in there. Jimmy.
You got it.
Come on. Jimmy. Attaboy.
Come on. Jimmy!
Okay. uh... Okay.
Um...
I'm not sure
I can reach the door.
I mean. there's-there's nothing
left to-to grab onto here.
Just grab it. Jimmy. Go for it!
Uh. uh...
Sam. I'm not so sure
about my grip.
You know what?
Maybe you're right.
Climbing's hard. Just forget it.
Maybe don't tell anyone
about Kilimanjaro. either.
Just forget it. Forget it.
Let's stay in the elevator.
Come on back down.
That's my man! There you go!
Attaboy. You got this.
Come on. come on. Jimmy!
There you go!
Come on!
There you go. Jimmy.
Now get up. get up there.
You can get it.
Trust it. Jim.
Come on. Jimmy.
There you go.
My man.
Oh. boy.
That was easy.
Here we go. the box.
Uh. ah.
Jackpot.
All right.
Okay.
I can do an elevator shaft.
I can do Kilimanjaro.
Where I won't have to deal
with the dark.
All right. let's see.
All right. so. a key.
I'm guessing these are like
skeleton keys. right?
All right.
All right. Sam?
It's me Jimmy.
Don't shoot. okay?
Hey. Sam.
Found the key and it worked.
Way to go. Mountain Lion.
Way to go. Okay.
- Let's go find Parker.
- Yeah.
So. which is it?
Cornell or Penn?
I'm sorry.
what are you asking me?
No more apologies. Harold.
Daryl's background document
said Penn.
where you said you met him
before "remembering"
you both went to Cornell.
- Okay. a-again. I am so sorry. but...
- Hey.
If you say "sorry"
one more time.
I'm gonna drive you up to Ithaca
and toss you
in one of those gorges.
Okay. look. I'm sorr...
Hey.
Okay. fine.
You got me.
My name isn't Harold.
it's Frank.
And I got kicked out of Penn
after they caught me
hacking into their mainframe
to change my final grade.
Well. that's quite a confession.
but why the identity change?
Like I told Sam. these jobs
really don't grow on trees.
There's no way
I was getting hired after that.
So. I had to become Harold from
Cornell just to get interviews.
Okay. so...
...that's one big lie explained.
Any others?
Like. about Daryl?
Daryl?
No. why? Is he still sick?
Wait. am I in trouble?
- How's it looking?
- It's looking like Harold from Cornell
is actually Frank from Penn.
but neither of them
seem like killers.
And I have no idea
what that that means.
but there's no time
to ask. either.
Stay put.
Yeah. We were wrong
about the PSU.
With about 25 minutes left.
the server's starting
to overheat.
Oh. we'd need an antique shop
to replace that old thing.
Antique computer shop at that.
Hold on. hold on.
What about Old MTAC?
- Old MTAC?
- Our MTAC is old MTAC.
No. no. Vance once showed me
these old NIS MTAC parts
at the evidence locker.
way in the back.
Old MTAC parts. let's go.
Okay. we got about
24 minutes left.
- Hey. where's my laptop?
- Oh. I left it in autopsy.
- I'll have to go get it.
- Okay.
Are they gone?
Yes. Harold. and we've got
a meltdown to prepare for.
All right.
I'll meet you in MTAC.
I see a lot of boxes.
none labeled "MTAC."
Bingo.
I think they were back here.
Damn.
Look at that beast.
Well. believe it or not.
these were once considered
"mini-computers."
Made by "Wang"? Is that real?
Uh. it was.
before they went bankrupt.
With a name like Wang.
no wonder.
Well. let's hope
one of these Wangs has a fan.
So. you said Vance
showed you all this. huh?
Haven't seen you
since the funeral.
How's everybody doing with that?
You know. losing him.
I don't know.
Doesn't seem real.
A lot of us are still in denial.
Yeah. me. too.
Tell you what.
we replace old MTAC
with new MTAC.
but people?
Like Vance?
Not replacing that.
Not a chance.
But it did get me thinking
about where I'm headed.
I've been waiting
to make a move for a while now.
haven't been able to settle
on a direction quite yet.
Well. I know the feeling.
The dreaded Waiting Place.
"A most useless place."
Dr. Seuss.
Oh. the Places You'll Go!
I love that book.
I may have to read it again.
I'm done waiting.
Thank you. Parker.
No worries.
Hello.
Huh? You got it?
Well. it's as old and worn-out
as the other one.
but. uh...
Let's see if it works.
All right. copy that.
- Got it?
- Let's go.
Okay. where's that laptop?
Oh. hey.
There you are.
Oh. God!
You scared me.
What are you doing here?
How we doing under there. Kase?
We? Who's we?
- How are you doing?
- You think that fan's gonna work?
Well. depends. I got it running.
Check the gauge.
Ah. there he is. Finally.
- Looks like the temp is going down.
- Ah. yes.
Then it's working.
Thank you. guys.
- Well. it's working for now. at least.
- Just a few minutes
left. and you're gonna
jinx us now?
I think it's fair to say
your reboot is way past
being jinxed.
You can say that again.
This is Vito. saying
that Tommy wasn't even scheduled
to work tonight.
Vito?
The janitor who went home early.
According to this.
Tommy is who insisted
Vito go home before 1:00.
Before the upgrade started.
Meaning what?
Well. let's go ask him.
And let Jimmy know.
in case
he runs into Tommy before we do.
Where is Jimmy. anyway?
Well. he went
to go get my laptop.
but he should be back by now.
Ah. Tommy. what are...
what are you doing?
Don't get up. Jimmy. please.
Which one is it?
Which what? What-What's...
what's going on?
The wire. Jimmy.
Which wire patches me
into the reboot?
The reboot?
Uh. that's not exactly...
The mainframe!
Well. whatever the hell that is.
He told me I have to patch into
the reboot on the mainframe.
Which-which wire is it?
Uh. the-the blue one.
The Ethernet.
That should get you
to the mainframe. Tommy.
what... what is going on?
I-I can't explain it right now.
Jimmy.
- I'm sorry.
- Okay. maybe you tell me
what you're trying to do.
and maybe I can help.
- No. no. no. Stay back. Jimmy!
- Whoa. Whoa.
Please. Please.
I have to do this.
Please. Jimmy. Please.
Do what? Tommy. come on.
Just stop asking
so many questions.
I can't explain until it's done.
- Till what's done?
- No. no. no. no. no. no!
- No. No.
- What are you doing. Tommy?
No. Just.
don't make me use this. Parker.
Please. Just. just stay back.
Just. just stay over there. okay?
Is this what you meant
about helping?
Like I'm guessing
you helped Daryl?
That was an accident. I swear.
I couldn't let him stop me.
Why not. Tommy?
Stop you from what?
Don't come any closer.
I got no time to explain.
Come on. come on. come on.
Please. Please.
Oh. come on. Come on. Come on.
Please.
Please?
Yes!
What? What? What?
Don't do that!
Let me go!
Damn. Lion.
Let me go. please.
I'm sorry. Jimmy.
He's gonna kill my family.
Your family? What?
Uh. well...
Who. Tommy?
The guy wore a mask. said he'd
kill 'em all if I didn't do it.
Do what? What is that thing?
He wanted me to plug it
into Kasie's laptop
during the upgrade.
I tried as soon as it started.
but that poor computer kid got
in my way.
I'm so sorry. I just...
- No. no. no. no. no. no!
- Hey! Whoa! Whoa!
Stay still. Tommy.
He's got my family.
Please.
He's got my family!
NCIS!
- I got you.
- Clear.
Kate? Are they still here?
- No?
- No. The guy took my phone
and left a while ago.
Oh. thank God you guys got here.
Everybody's okay.
Just breathe. okay?
Everybody's okay now.
- What about Daddy?
- Is Dad okay?
I'm here. you guys.
Daddy-Daddy's here.
Oh. Tommy.
Come here. Come here. Come here.
Come here. Come here.
Hey. We're gonna need everybody
to step outside
so our medics can check you out.
No. we're okay.
All non-emergency personnel.
please stay clear of the area.
Please stay clear of the area.
Guys. you should go out there
and get checked out. okay?
It's okay. It's okay.
You guys... you guys.
go get checked out. okay?
You guys. I'll be right out. okay?
- Okay. I love you. I love you.
- Okay.
- Daddy's fine.
- I love you so much.
Thank... thank you. guys.
Thank you. guys. Thank you.
It's your turn. Tommy.
Talk to us.
I didn't mean to kill that kid.
He tried to stop me
from getting that laptop.
and I just...
I pulled my elbow back.
Caught him on the chin.
and then he...
he landed...
wrong.
You didn't think
to alert an agent or two?
The guy said that if I told
anyone. they'd be dead.
That if I didn't plant
the device. they'd be dead.
I'm sorry. I panicked.
Well. you seemed calm enough
when Jimmy and I found you.
Well. I wasn't.
I was desperate.
and as time was getting closer.
I killed the power so that I...
I'm sorry. For Jimmy.
For that poor kid.
For the whole thing. I...
I'm just... I-I'm so sorry.
Well. considering what he did to
Daryl. I guess I got off easy.
Tommy sent an apology
for that. too.
Yeah. poor guy.
And poor Daryl.
Poor everybody.
No winners on this one.
Well. Kasie... maybe?
True enough.
Yeah. despite it all.
Kasie pulled off
the big upgrade.
What about Jimmy?
- That epic. WrestleMania takedown.
- Yeah.
That was pretty badass. Jimmy.
Well. you know. I did have
a couple extra pounds on me
to help take him down.
Couple extra pounds?
What are you talking about?
I'm wearing
a 30-pound weight vest.
And you just happened
to be wearing that for... what?
Uh...
Yeah. Jimmy. What's it for?
I am training to hike
Mount Kilimanjaro in the fall.
Or maybe January.
when it's warmer there.
What do you think of that. huh?
Yeah. Huh.
Well. not what I expected
to hear. but. uh...
good for you. Jimmy.
If anybody can make a climb
like that.
it's you.
Guess I just threw my hat
over the wall.
Damn straight.
Again. I am so grateful
for all that we were able
to accomplish tonight.
I know it was obviously
overshadowed by what happened
to Daryl. but...
- I'm never eating donuts again.
- I mean.
I'm sorry. Who dies of
food poisoning anymore?
Can anyone say co-morbidity?
Maybe we can talk about this
during dinner next week.
We'll do a little something
in Daryl's memory.
I have some food restrictions.
Yeah. Maybe no sushi.
Yeah. No sushi. no donuts.
Discuss that among yourselves
and get back to me.
Oh. gosh.
So they still think
it's food poisoning?
You know. the worst part
of lying is having to admit it.
I'll tell them the truth
during dinner.
Well. in the meantime.
how about we all go out
and have an early breakfast?
Uh. no. you guys.
uh. you go without me.
I'm just... I'm not hungry.
What's up. Kase?
You all right?
What's wrong?
Whatever Tommy did. it worked.
Worked how?
I thought
we stopped him in time.
Yeah. I did. too. but...
Since I keep my personal data
on my laptop.
for security purposes.
I keep my encryption key
on our mainframe.
which is why Tommy had to attach
that device during the reboot.
- When the firewalls were down.
- One would assume
that whoever forced Tommy
to do it was looking
for a back door to our database.
you know.
case files. employee info.
But they weren't?
No. none of those folders
were even touched.
And what they did touch.
you don't see.
Edna.
Edna?
Who's Edna?
Well. Edna's not a who.
she's a what.
And she's gone.
So. this was never
about hacking the upgrade.
No. No. it was all about Edna.
Okay. What's Edna?
What are you saying. Kase?
I'm saying that I think
I'm the reason
why Daryl is dead.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org